This class taught me a lot. I expected to learn a lot about python coding but I was surprised to learn much more.  The interconnected nature of this class of us talking about the humanities and then connecting it to our code helped me understand that these coding activities were more than just learning commands. Don't get me wrong I think I learned a lot more about python than I knew before. I specifically have moments in the activities that really stood out as to things clicking specifically this last activity making the adventure game I finally felt like I could code without having to check my work every few seconds. and in the first few activities some concepts that I knew but didn't understand really started to click like lists and loops. Another memorable moment was when we looked at the transatlantic slave data set and the immigration data. We looked at that data from the point of what was missing and why it was omitted and not what was there. This was pretty eye-opening because it gave a deeper understanding of how the missing data can almost be more informative than the data that is there. We also looked at the data that was there that was probably misrepresented or dubious and this helped create a better understanding of how to critically analyze these large data models. As for my learning about the coding , the activities each had their own lessons. Most of the activities I was very unsure about in my own abilities having to check in with the Melanie Walsh activities to make sure I knew what I was doing and still I would have syntax errors but I would need to run by third party websites. but by the end of this class for the text-based adventure I felt like I could do a lot of the work intuitively with minor issues I had to troubleshoot. At the end of the day I still feel like most of coding is troubleshooting unintended consequences of your actions but I feel that I have a better grasp on how to do that efficiently and what to look for when I'm doing my coding.  
	In summary this class was an amazing learning experience of how coding does not have to be devoid of the social and societal ramifications while still teaching me a lot about the less human coding side of things. Each activity had its own lessons that I learned. I wish there was a little bit more of the activity practice in class but the readings did more than enough to prepare me for each activity. Each of the readings felt thoughtfully picked and pulled together many of the concepts we covered in this class as well as some of the readings we covered in class that added to our discussions and took us on tangents that covered useful material. Thank you for a wonderful and educational semester where I was able to learn and participate in the classroom. 